Following on from part 3, the adventurers discuss whether to tempt to get to the chest in the middle of the lake, or continue down into the mines. After a brief discussion they feel the potential treasure is worth the risk so Grog and Elros swim to the island. Upon struggling to open the chest they find 3 items inside, a coin purse, a scroll and an axe fashioned with guitar strings, an Axelele if you will. Davril took the instrument, the party split the 25 gold coin purse between them and on inspection Regor felt a strong ancient arcane magic surrounding the scroll but did not know how to use it himself. He dared to open it and the scroll was blank apart from an ancient dwarf emblem of the grey arcana users, those who used the good healing magics and the destruction magics.

The party then decides to take a long rest, backtracking to the sleeping quarters they take shifts on guard. After 8 hours they wake up to the original goblin curious as to where they've been. The goblin informs them that they had hidden some explosive charges from the orcs and set them up at critical parts of the lower level. Shown to the party by a crude hand drawn map by the goblin.

The goblin dissappears and the party head to the ladder, upon all getting down including SkullCrusher almost crushing Grog, the party are immediately attacked by 4 orcs. Much to their surprise these orcs were a lot more aggressive but still no match for the party, however they did almost lose Skullcrusher. Another combat in and the adventurers come to the room before the main chamber, when Kirito and Elros hear a familiar voice in their head of the Necromancer (from part 2, sorry that summary got lost). The Necromancer taunts them into the main room and as Kirito and Davril stealth in Regor, Elros and Grog take another passage and convinces 2 goblins to go charging in. These goblins run into the center of the chamber which had a giant pentagon seemingly burnt into the floor. Kirito breaks his stealth and tries to convince the Necromancer he had slain Regor but Elros got away, the Necromancer ignores the comment about Regor but completely dismisses the point about
Elros informing them all that he's aware of their presence. They all make their way into the central chamber...

Now all there the Necromancer steps forward into the pentagon and exclaims that he'll leave the party to be dealt with by two strange looking orcs at the back of the room. He tells the goblins they're coming with him as the pentagon lights up and with a bright red flash of light the Necromancer and the goblins are gone.

Grog recognises the orcs in the room to be an Orc Eye of Gruumsh and an Orog, after some taunting battle begins. The opening moves are trying to lure the orcs into the center of the pentagon where the explosives charges are above. As the Eye moves into the pentagon he reaches down and activates it, knowing that something is ready on the other side of the teleporter. In a flash of red light the air pressure in the room changes significantly as an undead Ogre appears in the center.

Realising they were going to have a hard time with this fight the party call for the explosives to be blown. A deafening explosion occurs followed by the giggling of goblins, about to be crushed the Eye reaches down again and teleports himself out of the chamber. Rocks fall and begin to crush the Ogre and the Orog as the party make a run for it, being pursued by the monstrous ogre which wasn't going to give up that easily the party but takes damage from the falling rocks. The surprisingly nimble Orog fairs much better almost heading the party off through a 3rd passage but not quite as the party calls for the final explosives to be blown seemingly crushing the Ogre and the Orog.

Some feats of strength, dexterity and acrobatics allow the party to make their way up through the base level, then up to the higher level before a final incredible show getting 5 humanoids and a wolf up a 60ft ladder before the fort above caved in. When they're all out the goblins meet up with them outside and their paths are all blocked by the Orog who managed to make his way out after all and is waiting for them, rather dishevelled and not looking the best but blocking their paths on the drawbridge. One final fight ensues which pulls all of the goblins into battle and the Orog easily went down. One final feat of dexterity saw almost all of the party succeed in escaping the forts collapsing floor except for Grog who was saved by the rest of the party.

Exhausted, wounded and in sheer disbelief they made it out the party make their way back to their horse and carriage and take shelter to discuss their next move.
