Pre-session:
During the 3 day break the players had some down time properly resting. Grog commissioned armour for Skullcrusher which he picked up, he then went to speak with Stevenas interestingly to talk about religion, a very intelligent topic for the half-orc. In this conversation Grog renounced his faith to Gruumsh, with a reaction which shook Stevenas' magic tower, and declared his faith to Sehanine. Stevenas told Grog he would have to worship Sehanine to truly become a follower of her and the nearest dedicated temple was in Whitemeer.
Regor had a less serious time, learning to ride his magic carpet he took Elora on the carpet ride he had promised her and the couple formed a close relationship, they started just flying around Eloras bottomless pit but then took the flight outside, with surprisingly little consequence...

As the party regrouped they were summoned to Stevenas' tower, upon entering Stevenas apologised dearly for his initial introduction and reward for clearing the mine. He then added to the reward by giving the adventurers a Earring of Whisper each, and one to Liisa who had joined the party at that time. He then informed them he had arranged a meeting for them with General Stoneshield in the city palace to discuss further plans now the players found themselves involved.
Upon arriving at the palace the party persuaded the guards to let them in without need for written permission and were welcomed with warm arms by the short grey haired and bushy bearded dwarven general. Upon elaborating on Stevenas' plans to relight the fires of the Forbidden Kingdom the general laughed and said that the party wasn't ready for such a perilous journey and they would all perish if they tried now.
The meeting was not all a waste of time however, upon suggesting the party register as a guild they officially became "Victorious Secret". A party of happy go lucky do gooders always looking to do good for gold. For their first quest the general requested they help the timber producing hamlet of Langdale which called for help after a bandit attack kidnapped the hamlet leader. Stoneshield declared if the party brought the bandit leader back, alive or dead, they would be rewarded.
As they began to leave the city Liisa announced she would be leaving the party again to investigate the forbidden fort for herself, but entrusted Regor with a sending tablet should they need to contact her. Thus the party set off, it was 10 days travel by carriage to Langdale and a eventful journey it was, with two encounters including 2 bears and five wolves the party was ready for what awaited at Langdale. Arriving 10 days after leaving Gandalor the party found what appeared to be an abandoned collection of wood huts. They idenfied one to be the tavern and looked around in there where they encountered 3 dwarves all looking rather dishevelled. One of the dwarves turns out to be Regors father who disowned him as a son, after some back and forth between Regor and his dad the party learn that Regor was forced out of his family and home because he showed feelings for members of other species. His dad is extra furious as because of Regor, the whole family had to move away and in their last home, the now Ruined town of Hwen, they lost one of Regors younger brothers and the rest barely made it out alive. It turns out the head of the hamlet is Regors mum who from the dwarves point of view had been kidnapped by the bandits in a nearby encampment.

Before any more pleasentries could be exchanged some more bandits show up, without any thought Regor goes into a rage and flies out of the tavern to attack. The party easily dispatched the bandits keeping one unconscious to be interrogated next time...
